# Detecting Fake News:
    To build a model to accurately classify a piece of news as REAL or FAKE.
    
Fake News:
    A type of yellow journalism, fake news encapsulates pieces of news that may be hoaxes and is generally spread through social media and other online media. 
    This is often done to further or impose certain ideas and is often achieved with political agendas. 
    Such news items may contain false and/or exaggerated claims, and may end up being viralized by algorithms, and users may end up in a filter bubble.
    
    
TfidfVectorizer:
TF (Term Frequency): The number of times a word appears in a document is its Term Frequency. 
                      A higher value means a term appears more often than others, and so, the document is a good match when the term is part of the search terms.

IDF (Inverse Document Frequency): Words that occur many times a document, but also occur many times in many others, may be irrelevant. 
                                  IDF is a measure of how significant a term is in the entire corpus.

The TfidfVectorizer converts a collection of raw documents into a matrix of TF-IDF features.


Passive-Aggressive algorithms:

Passive-Aggressive algorithms are generally used for large-scale learning. It is one of the few ‘online-learning algorithms‘. 
    In online machine learning algorithms, the input data comes in sequential order and the machine learning model is updated step-by-step, as opposed to batch learning, 
    where the entire training dataset is used at once. This is very useful in situations where there is a huge amount of data and it is computationally infeasible to train the entire dataset because of the sheer size of the data. We can simply say that an online-learning algorithm will get a training example, update the classifier, and then throw away the example.
    A very good example of this would be to detect fake news on a social media website like Twitter, where new data is being added every second. To dynamically read data from Twitter continuously, the data would be huge, and using an online-learning algorithm would be ideal.
    Passive-Aggressive algorithms are somewhat similar to a Perceptron model, in the sense that they do not require a learning rate. However, they do include a regularization parameter.


How Passive-Aggressive Algorithms Work:
Passive-Aggressive algorithms are called so because :

Passive: If the prediction is correct, keep the model and do not make any changes. i.e., the data in the example is not enough to cause any changes in the model. 
Aggressive: If the prediction is incorrect, make changes to the model. i.e., some change to the model may correct it.
